two adulterers intertwined gradually the
two were more and more frantic
this is a family movie they looks very
happy but the wife is still cheating
let's find out the reason connie and
edward were a middle-aged couple
they had been married for 11 years and
lived in suburb of new york
they had a son named charlie their
family looked very happy and fulfilled
one day there was a windstorm outside
connie went into the city center alone
she wanted to choose a gift for her son
charlie but the strong wind made it very
difficult for her to walk
at this moment there was a guy going in
the opposite direction
connie couldn't see the road so she
bumped into him
the boy did not scold connie but also
took care of the wound in her leg
he invited her to his house to bandage
the wound on her leg
this guy was paul was the owner of a
bookstore although coney was 10 years
older than paul
he didn't care when connie was about to
leave he told her to open a book
life is short so let's play if you can
paul seemed to be implying
something connie took the book with her
then quickly left
after she got home she talked about this
story to her husband
edward did not think this was true even
he didn't care the wound on his wife's
leg
he just asked if the boy was handsome
connie just smiled
not know if she smiled at her husband's
words or because of paul
after she got married she became the
owner of the house
every day she met something interesting
one day she read paul's book
suddenly paul's business card fell out
of the book she watched for a moment
then she called him on the public phone
but the phone was still not connected
she regretted standing in front of the
phone booth connie didn't know how to do
finally she picked up the phone soon
after the sound of paul arrived
connie thanked him and urgently thought
about something to talk
paul smiled and replied if you wanted to
thank me let's come to see me
connie hesitated for a moment then
agreed she went to paul's house
paul helped her take off her coat his
hand lightly touched the back of her
neck
a sense of difference transmitted
connie's heartbeat non-stop
paul offered connie a cup of coffee and
took her hand
the feeling of warmth in her hand made
middle-aged connie don't know what to do
after she got home she always remembered
the feelings
when she was with paul the next day
connie went to find paul again
the two danced together paul followed
the rhythm and wanted to kiss her
connie hesitated to leave but she used
the excuse of forgetting her jacket to
return
paul immediately embraced her then led
her into the bedroom
on the way home connie was crying and
laughing she cried because she felt
ashamed inside
but laughed because of the happiness
when she met paul edward gradually
realized connie's change
he asked her a question do you love me
connie was surprised
she hastily showed her love for her
husband connie still has been in contact
with paul regularly
because she did not want edward to find
out she continued to
play the role of a gentle wife and a
good mother one day
she and paul went out to eat
accidentally edward staff discovered the
relationship between them
since he didn't want to get into trouble
she experienced a feeling of regret she
hoped no one do that
connie knew adultery could destroy a
whole family but paul's passionate love
made her have no way to give up edward
was a man of principles
employees made mistakes he immediately
fired
the employee was not committed
immediately objected
he even told me loyalty but he could not
control his wife
edward was speechless he thought
something serious happened
so he asked the detective to investigate
his wife then he pretended to have a
business trip
connie and paul arranged to hang out
everywhere all of these scenes were
taken photos
and sent to edward by the detective that
was the day connie felt happiest but she
forgot to pick up her son at school
it was already dark when she came to
school in a moment
she felt ashamed and she decided to part
with paul
unexpectedly she found out that paul had
someone else
he explained that it was just a friend
connie did not want to believe
but finally obeyed his sweet words
edward had seen the pictures
he mused he was very disappointed for
wanting to know who his wife loves
he went to paul's house after cheering
himself on
he decided to knock on paul's door
edward entered paul's house
he told him everything edward didn't get
angry or scolded
he went around paul's house when he
looked at the messy bed
he spotted a crystal ball on the
cupboard it was a gift he gave connie
but appeared in paul's house
edward felt down and angry while not
restrained he hit paul in the head with
the ball several times
after calming down edward panicked at
that moment
connie's voice message called she
decided to leave paul
go back to her family after listening
edward proceeded to clean the scene
bringing paul's corpse to the dump life
was back as before
they worked together nurture the family
but no long after
the police came their home it turned out
paul was married
after he went missing the wife reported
to the police
in paul's house they found out that
connie was in contact
so the police came to find her connie
said she was just a guest buying books
not related to paul it was only when she
found the pictures in edward's pocket
that she learned of paul's existence her
husband's forgiveness made her even more
ashamed
connie turned back to wholeheartedly
take care of her family
one day she suddenly found a crystal
ball at home
this proved that edward went to paul's
house and may be related to paul's
disappearance
connie began to suspect that evening the
couple said everything to each other
edward expressed disappointment at his
wife for the first time
connie couldn't say a word the next day
she discovered an image in a glass
sphere
there was also a piece of paper to my
beautiful wife
the best part of every day she
understood that edward loved her very
much
so she decided to burn all the photos in
the past the movie here is the end
if you were the main actress would you
be able to resist the charm out of
married life